Print device by family function (#205)
ObKo/stm32-cmake: README.md

* `stm32_get_chip_info(<chip> [FAMILY <family>] [TYPE <type>] [DEVICE <device>])` - classify device using name, will return device family (into `<family>` variable), type (`<type>`) and canonical name (`<device>`, uppercase without any package codes)
* `stm32_get_memory_info((CHIP <chip>)|(DEVICE <device> TYPE <type>) [FLASH|RAM|CCRAM|STACK|HEAP] [SIZE <size>] [ORIGIN <origin>])` - get information about device memories (into `<size>` and `<origin>`). Linker script generator uses values from this function
* `stm32_print_size_of_target(<target>)` - Print the application sizes for all formats
* `stm32_generate_binary_file(<target>)` - Generate the binary file for the given target
* `stm32_generate_hex_file(<target>)` - Generate the hex file for the given target

In the following functions, you can also specify mutiple families.

> * `stm32_get_devices_by_family(STM_DEVICES [FAMILY <family>])` - return into `STM_DEVICES` all
>   supported devices by family (or all devices if `<family>` is empty)
> * `stm32_print_devices_by_family([FAMILY <family>])` - Print all supported devices by family
>   (or all devices if `<family>` is empty)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `stm32_get_devices_by_family(STM_DEVICES [FAMILY families...])` - return into `STM_DEVICES` all
  supported devices by family (or all devices if `FAMILY` is omitted)
* `stm32_print_devices_by_family([FAMILY families...])` - Print all supported devices by family
  (or all devices if `FAMILY` is omitted)
```

* `stm32_get_chip_info(<chip> [FAMILY <family>] [TYPE <type>] [DEVICE <device>])` - classify device using name, will return device family (into `<family>` variable), type (`<type>`) and canonical name (`<device>`, uppercase without any package codes)
* `stm32_get_memory_info((CHIP <chip>)|(DEVICE <device> TYPE <type>) [FLASH|RAM|CCRAM|STACK|HEAP] [SIZE <size>] [ORIGIN <origin>])` - get information about device memories (into `<size>` and `<origin>`). Linker script generator uses values from this function
* `stm32_print_size_of_target(<target>)` - Print the application sizes for all formats
* `stm32_generate_binary_file(<target>)` - Generate the binary file for the given target
* `stm32_generate_hex_file(<target>)` - Generate the hex file for the given target

To use the following functions, include the `devices.cmake` file with the following line

```cmake
include(${STM32_CMAKE_PATH}/cmake/stm32/devices.cmake)
```

where `STM32_CMAKE_PATH` is the path to the `stm32-cmake` repository.

> * `stm32_get_devices_by_family(DEVICES [FAMILY <family>])` - return into `DEVICES` all supported devices by family (or all devices if `<family>` is empty)
> * `stm32_print_devices_by_family([FAMILY <family>])` - Print all supported devices by family (or all devices if `<family>` is empty)

Reviewer: For me this makes more sense.
```suggestion
* `stm32_get_devices_by_family(DEVICES <family>)` - return into `DEVICES` all supported devices by family (or all devices if `<family>` is empty)
* `stm32_print_devices_by_family(<family>)` - Print all supported devices by family (or all devices if `<family>` is empty)
```
`FAMILY` is only needed when you have multiple possible keywords.

Reviewer 2: Hmm I thought `FAMILY` has to be specified as a keyword. Does it work without it?

Reviewer: No I mean you could change the implementation so that FAMILY is not used. 
It brings nothing here.

Reviewer 2: I think it is okay that way. I think this was done bcause https://cmake.org/cmake/help/latest/command/cmake_parse_arguments.html is used. Using it also allows easier extensibility (e.g. you still want to parse multiple families, but you also want to pass an option or something like a filter)

Reviewer: > Using it also allows easier extensibility (e.g. you still want to parse multiple families, but you also want to pass an option or something like a filter)

OK I understand the point for evolution even if I don't think this function will evolve any soon.
cmake_parse_arguments is fine. I didn't know it before but it permits to do clean things.

I think if you want to have a clean function then all misuse errors should be managed
```cmake
stm32_print_devices_by_family(H7) # this shall throw error because of no FAMILY given
stm32_print_devices_by_family(FAMILY H7 L4) #this should throw error OR change FAMILY to a "multi_value_keywords"
stm32_print_devices_by_family(FAMILYH7) # this should throw error unknown keyword or something
stm32_print_devices_by_family(FAMILY) # this should throw error missing argument
```
